Well, I think, for instance, when Richard Ellman was doing the biography of James Joyce, it was very useful to him that Northwestern University had a good Joyce collection.
I mean, the man traveled all over the world.
But nevertheless, it was nice that when he was home at Northwestern, there was a choice collection that he could deal with.
I think that scholars would like to get as much information as they can from a single library.
uh this may not be major information there's a basic material just as you need basic material for what you're doing there's basic material if you're doing a virginia wolf biography or f scott fits your biography and it's nice to have it close to home and
This means that the library should be a research library.
Since libraries' budgets increase and fall very often, it's collectors that make available to libraries what they need to read this sort of thing.
Of course, once the collection goes into a library, then the collector becomes kind of superfluous.
Praise random horse from whom all blessings flow.
That's what I said.
I remember Random House before Leona Elmsley turned it into the palace or whatever.
I'm sorry I never went inside that building.
When you went in from Madison Avenue, Faulkner turned to the left and you went into the Random House.
It's still there, but I just see Max Perkins, you know, walking up the stairs.
Now what's there now?
What happened to it?
Oh, that's Brink's Compost or something like that around here.
Yeah, it's no longer a spritz.
I know, I know.
That's still a bookstore.
Oh, it is?
Yeah.
Oh.
Somebody bought it, but it's... Well, Scripps is no longer Scripps.
It's an imprint of McMillan.
But I know these days go off your head.
Oh, I'm going to give this a five, and I'm going to give you a five here.
Come on.
274.
Now, almost all novels, like over here, there used to be pictures, you know, there were seven of them, and that was the time when there was before you could sound there with no ego.
What is the purpose of your question, of your idea?
Just to get the answer.
To get her started on the back of the night.
I kind of decided to head on when I was in the middle.
I wanted to show the American life.
She was going to be caught on top of her.
I thought this was to get her loose about it.
Were you trying to write something about her?
So this is just an archive or an old history, so to speak.
Maybe the purple, purple, blue, whatever you want.
Well, this was 1920, after all, it was just seven years ago.
Of course, maybe when you saw it before, I went to the boy.
I don't know if it's coming out already.
How often did you go to New York?
And then starting here in 19... By 1936, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas, Texas.
So we have a lot of dinners.
Now, who is she talking about here?
Again, another collector, right?
She's talking about a collector here?
All right.
And in those states, people are practically eligible for contracts.
Well, there was a famous, a very famous famous famous stuff, I'm telling you, 1913.
It was born by Ralph Allen.
He was... Well, that was really the idea where God had to start going in the Facebook because he knew Ralph Allen very long.
I was going to come in with him.
I wish I had said so.
If I remember, Ralph Allen was doing one.
And I think the same feeling that they can possibly do the whole year when Ralph Allen was done.
You don't know why we're doing it.
I always say, you shouldn't know why we're doing it.
We have no fact that all these people have been in business during the month, years.
It was funny.
You know where it was, like you.
And everybody was going to do exercise, expertise, all the boys were these days.
These people, you know, for their collections.
He was wearing all the C.O.
child.
Yeah, he was one of the black collectors, one of the great collectors.
What did she look like about this time?
Little woman?
Father.
Father, the other one again.
and I thought I was going out of music, and maybe I knew all about material, one to Emerson, and one to Thoreau, and one to everything else.
And we collected everything, all these books, all these, everything that I had to do with the American Indian School, especially.
He was head of the American Book Company, which I can store a course.
And what kind of money do they call that?
When you get saved with some of the money, you know, the bride will say, what?
That's right.
Now, I don't know, but I don't think that is what time I know you're really looking for.
He's got $10,000 a month.
Six bags.
Going to the American book company, which I believe is the future, and I got it.
Parola, right?
Yeah.
To receive bride.
So whether we owe it to Waterhill or not,
Every month you can spend $10,000 to buy a thing at the same time away.
Money that doesn't pay for it, and it's meant for a different purpose.
As far as you can say, I think you ought to have one point of view at the New York State.
And also, you ought to know, the very intimate community, a very intimate community, and the
What's the name of the man that books on the bottom shelf?
He's got a lot of books on the shelf.
Not Beverly.
There it is.
Homer Jackson.
He, in fact, closed his head.
He was back over the border in Kentucky, because I see him in those days, Illinois was down, or Ohio was down, or something or other.
But Kentucky is not.
So he?
It was a book called Two Essays by Penwell, I think it was a boysworthy introduction.
And there was a, I think there was 93 copies or something like 26 or 27.
So I had a piece of manuscript, old heavy manuscript for me.
And he asked me, that when he was old with a character, did he try to focus?
So they did.
Extra, extra copies.
It was $100.
And I really liked how it became.
And the one man who came and bought the book, and the one man who came and bought the book, really got it.
Mr. Peterson, you know what?
Well, as I say, you know, I don't know
But God's word is, use him as his knee in his hand, so he didn't want to outstabble him.
So that's how he really got in this word.
But the only thing I do want to remember now, whether he read something with Hemingway, or how he decided, you know, whether he would do a bibliography, I really don't know.
I don't know.
I know, but I don't know that.
But all I know is that he really, because he has been married, freedom of the press and everything between his research on Hemingway's bibliography.
And that's why you make so much work, too.
And you see, we are not in business in those days.
Just forget, we don't have income.
And we've got a living power.
No question that we've got a living power.
But we are the two greatest cyber-files that ever was.
And then I know if I've got anything.
He doesn't do any anything.
He's facing the bed we are, that's in itself, what is going on.
And then we know what happened.
So that's how he got to know everybody's spirit, you see.
He was, you know, working and all this and everything.
I mean, Charles Daniel, everybody's spirit.
He, I like that view, he's the common goal of doing everything that he wants.
And the Thomas wrote, 1929, when it came out,
Thomas Wolfe did a great, and the Alta Allen, and all the wealth in the books.
That was Edward Weldon.
Oh, there was so many of those great kids.
But there were not these young kids like our now.
Many young kids.
And I can all find a family name.
And the next year, we were in the business in 1903, and you and I told her, I went on a bike, and I'm so stubborn for those books, because that's my work, how I work.
So, he couldn't go anywhere.
He couldn't go anywhere.
He couldn't go anywhere anywhere.
You have to think, oh, we can't have that guy, we can't offer you this guy, we can't do this.
You know what I mean?
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean,
So they really went together for two years to say, you know, we left now because I didn't know how well my mom would stand on their own.
And we got married to 10, and I just told you, at the same time, we went out of a year for the, you know, for the first time.
If we margin for the two, it's not for the matter here.
No good, I've got it in the, you know, things like that.
Well, as you said, don't want to come away.
I don't know how to survive.
I really don't.
You're good.
I heard that you probably accepted before.
Well, let's get some of these at a time.